c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Publisher\Subscriber\bin\Debug\Subscriber.dll.config
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Publisher\Subscriber\bin\Debug\Subscriber.dll
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Publisher\Subscriber\bin\Debug\Subscriber.pdb
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Publisher\Subscriber\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.Core.dll
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Publisher\Subscriber\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.dll
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Publisher\Subscriber\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.Host.exe
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Publisher\Subscriber\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.pdb
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Publisher\Subscriber\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.xml
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Publisher\Subscriber\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.Core.pdb
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Publisher\Subscriber\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.Core.xml
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Publisher\Subscriber\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.Host.pdb
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Publisher\Subscriber\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.Host.xml
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Publisher\Subscriber\obj\Debug\Subscriber.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Publisher\Subscriber\obj\Debug\Subscriber.dll
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Publisher\Subscriber\obj\Debug\Subscriber.pdb
C:\Users\bassj\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Publisher\Subscriber\bin\Debug\Messages.dll
C:\Users\bassj\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Publisher\Subscriber\bin\Debug\Messages.pdb
C:\Users\bassj\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Publisher\Subscriber\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.dll
C:\Users\bassj\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Publisher\Subscriber\bin\Debug\NHibernate.dll
C:\Users\bassj\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Publisher\Subscriber\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.NHibernate.dll
C:\Users\bassj\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Publisher\Subscriber\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.ObjectBuilder.StructureMap.dll
C:\Users\bassj\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Publisher\Subscriber\bin\Debug\StructureMap.dll
C:\Users\bassj\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Publisher\Subscriber\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.xml
C:\Users\bassj\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Publisher\Subscriber\bin\Debug\NHibernate.xml
C:\Users\bassj\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Publisher\Subscriber\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.NHibernate.pdb
C:\Users\bassj\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Publisher\Subscriber\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.NHibernate.xml
C:\Users\bassj\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Publisher\Subscriber\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.ObjectBuilder.StructureMap.pdb
C:\Users\bassj\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Publisher\Subscriber\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.ObjectBuilder.StructureMap.xml
C:\Users\bassj\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Publisher\Subscriber\bin\Debug\StructureMap.pdb
C:\Users\bassj\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Publisher\Subscriber\bin\Debug\StructureMap.xml
